Do you have education resources? -> Not found
Do you have education material? -> Not found
I am looking for education material on AI. -> Not found
Where can I find educational material? -> Not found
I need a course on AI. -> painter (KB)
I need a canvas and some colours -> I need a canvas and some colors -> 1 (KB)
I want to know about knowledge representation. -> The field of artificial intelligence dedicated to representing information about the world in a form that a computer system can utilize to solve complex tasks such as diagnosing a medical condition or having a dialog in a natural language. Knowledge representation incorporates findings from psychology about how humans solve problems and represent knowledge in order to design formalisms that will make complex systems easier to design and build. Knowledge representation and reasoning also incorporates findings from logic to automate various kinds of reasoning, such as the application of rules or the relations of sets and subsets. Examples of knowledge representation formalisms include semantic nets, systems architecture, frames, rules, and ontologies. Examples of automated reasoning engines include inference engines, theorem provers, and classifiers
Where can I find tools for it? -> Not Found
Where can I find tools for knoweldge representation? -> Not Found
I need a knoweldge representation tool. -> Not Found
How can I represent knowledge? -> In artificial intelligence research, commonsense knowledge consists of facts about the everyday world, such as "Lemons are sour", that all humans are expected to know. The first AI program to address common sense knowledge was Advice Taker in 1959 by John McCarthy (QA)
Who is Panagiotis Papadakos -> Greek association football player (KB)
Who is Marvin Minsky? ->  American cognitive scientist (KB)
Who is Alessandro Saffiotti? -> Italian politician (KB)
Who was Lady Gaga? American singer, songwriter, and actress (KB)
Is Hanibal still alive? -> Rome (KB)
Where is Rome -> Italy (KB)
Where is Italy? -> Italy (KB)
Where do you live? -> You can use the email contact@ai4eu.eu (QA)
Do you like painting? -> Not Found
